An on next section it's going to be all here and it's numbers section and the words are going to add
a little bit transition right.
You can see how they're going to be moving up and on here again this is going to be our title.
So here what we're going to do again in our next century and now what we're going to say here this is
going to be a comment and over here we're going to say this is going to be number nine verse section
over here.
We're going to like a line and we're going to copy and paste this note here we're going to write and
of numbers and then once we have this over here next thing that I would want is section ID section and
all your hash tag and the number.
Then once we have this let's press Dybul here and again now we would want title.
So we're going to we can scroll back.
The closest title that we have here right which is this title and copy and paste this.
And let's scroll down on here.
Copy and paste it over here.
Now there we have the title here.
Titles is going to be worse and worse.
And then after that at the end of the title we're going to have something else right now again we're
going to have a div with numbers and we're going to say Center right here press tab and once within
a day of now we're going to have the actual article.
All right we go over here and we're here with the class of number first hand.
Now we have an article here the first thing that we're are going to have is some.
So I'm going to say we're here for fold here and we're going to say check this and then we're going
to have a heading through here heading to do this and we're going to give it a class here of no.
So we're going to say class of No.
Then the next one will be heading to.
And this is going to be two 50 over here and then you're going to have a number text.
So here this is going to be a heading 5 here with a class of noun text.
And then over here we're going to say this is going to be projects completed projects completed.
Right now we our first one.
So this is going to be our article.
And basically what we need is three more.
So we're going to go back over here.
It's going to be one two three.
And here we're going to just change some things around.
So the next one is going to be clock and we're going to say oh here then we're going to have a worse
rates are going right on here.
Five hundred and this is going to be deleted.
I'm going to write worse then after to notice and this is going to be 750 instead 750 and we're just
going to say compute rush because this is going to be desktop computers and we're going to say Stop
the top here.
And after that we're going to have a cloud upload.
So I say over here cloud upload right.
And this is going to be thousand uploads.
So my goal here and we're going to say this is going to be up it's up loads on here.
Then we say this right here and now we are ready to actually move on to see assess and start styling.